Class Management for Driving Safety
Use Cases


Version 1.0


[Note: Text enclosed in square brackets and displayed in blue italics (style=InfoBlue) is included to provide guidance to the author and should be deleted before publishing the document. A paragraph entered following this style will automatically be set to normal (style=Body Text).]

 
 
Revision History
Date	Version	Description	Author
10/03/2025	1.0	The first version of the document. Contains a list of 18 use cases, 6 of which are developed	All Group Members
10/08/2025	1.1	Added 1 use case (19) and developed 6 more (2, 4, 	
			
			

 
Table of Contents
Use Case List	5
UC-1: Instructor Creates Class - Landen 
UC-2: Instructor Finds Student - Ben
UC-3: Instructor Pays Admin - PVo
UC-4: Instructor Edits Student Profile- Isabella
UC-5: Instructor Creates Instructor Profile - Alondra O
UC-6: Instructor Edits Instructor Profile-PVo
UC-7: Student Enrolls in Class - Isabella R. 
UC-8: Student Pays for Class
UC-9: Admin Views Classes
UC-10: Admin Views Instructors
UC-11: Admin Views Students
UC-12: Admin Manages Instructors
UC-13: Admin Manages Students
UC-14: Admin Manages Classes
UC-15: Admin Creates Report - Ben
UC-16: Instructor Creates and Distributes Certificate - Beau
UC-17: Admin Manages Location
UC-18: Instructor processes payment for class - Alondra 
UC-19: Instructor Manages Class - Landen
Business Rules	54

 
Use Cases
Use Case ID and Name
Give each use case a unique integer sequence number identifier. State a concise name for the use case that indicates the value the use case would provide to some user. Begin with an action verb, followed by an object.
Author and Date Created
Enter the name of the person who initially wrote this use case and the date it was written.
Primary and Secondary Actors
An actor is a person or other entity external to the software system being specified who interacts with the system and performs use cases to accomplish tasks. Different actors often correspond to different user classes, or roles, identified from the customer community that will use the product. Name the primary actor that will be initiating this use case and any other secondary actors who will participate in completing execution of the use case.
Trigger
Identify the business event, system event, or user action that initiates the use case. This trigger alerts the system that it should begin testing the preconditions for the use case so it can judge whether to proceed with execution.
Description
Provide a brief description of the reason for and outcome of this use case, or a high-level description of the sequence of actions and the outcome of executing the use case.
Preconditions
List any activities that must take place, or any conditions that must be true, before the use case can be started. The system must be able to test each precondition. Number each precondition. Example: PRE-1: User’s identity has been authenticated.
Postconditions
Describe the state of the system at the successful conclusion of the use case execution. Label each postcondition in the form POST-X, where X is a sequence number. Example: POST-1: Price of item in the database has been updated with the new value.
Main Success Scenario/Normal Flow
Provide a description of the user actions and corresponding system responses that will take place during execution of the use case under normal, expected conditions. This dialog sequence will ultimately lead to accomplishing the goal stated in the use case name and description. Show a numbered list of actions performed by the actor, alternating with responses provided by the system. The normal flow is numbered “X.0”, where “X” is the Use Case ID.
Extensions:
●	Alternative Flows
Document other successful usage scenarios that can take place within this use case. State the alternative flow, and describe any differences in the sequence of steps that take place. Number each alternative flow in the form “X.Y”, where “X” is the Use Case ID and Y is a sequence number for the alternative flow. For example, “5.3” would indicate the third alternative flow for use case number 5. Indicate where each alternative flow would branch off from the normal flow, and if pertinent, where it would rejoin the normal flow.
●	Exceptions

Priority
Indicate the relative priority of implementing the functionality required to allow this use case to be executed. Use the same priority scheme as that used for the functional requirements.
Frequency of Use
Estimate the number of times this use case will be performed per some appropriate unit of time. This gives an early indicator of throughput, concurrent usage loads, and transaction capacity.
Business Rules
List any business rules that influence this use case. Don’t include the business rule text here, just its identifier so the reader can find it in another repository when needed.
Associated Information
Identify any additional requirements, such as quality attributes, for the use case that may need to be addressed during design or implementation. Also list any associated functional requirements that aren’t a direct part of the use case flows but which a developer needs to know about. Describe what should happen if the use case execution fails for some unanticipated or systemic reason (e.g., loss of network connectivity, timeout). If the use case results in a durable state change in a database or the outside world, state whether the change is rolled back, completed correctly, partially completed with a known state, or left in an undetermined state as a result of the exception.
Assumptions
List any assumptions that were made regarding this use case or how it might execute.

Use Case List

Primary Actor	Use Cases
Instructor	UC-1: Instructor Creates Class - Landen 
UC-2: Instructor Finds Student - Ben
UC-3: Instructor Pays Admin - PVo
UC-4: Instructor Edits Student Profile- Isabella R
UC-5: Instructor Creates Instructor Profile - Alondra O
UC-6: Instructor Edits Instructor Profile - PVo
UC-16: Instructor Creates and Distributes Certificate - Beau
UC-18: Instructor Processes Payment for Class- Alondra O
UC-19: Instructor Manages Class - Landen
Admin	UC-9: Admin Views Classes
UC-10: Admin Views Instructors
UC-11: Admin Views Students
UC-12: Admin Manages Instructors
UC-13: Admin Manages Students
UC-14: Admin Manages Classes
UC-15: Admin Creates Report - Ben
UC-17: Admin Manages Location
Student	UC-7: Student Enrolls in Class - Isabella R. 
UC-8: Student Pays for Class - Beau










 
Use Case 1: Instructor Creates Class
The Instructor creates a course that includes location, notes, and the necessary information. 
UC ID and Name:	UC-1:Instructor Creates course
Created By:	Landen Chambers	Date Created:	10/03/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor	Secondary Actors:	Admin 
Students
Trigger:	The Instructor indicates to create a class.
Description:	The Instructor creates a class that students will enroll in.
Preconditions:	PRE-1. The instructor is logged into the system
Postconditions:	POST-1. The Class is created and stored in the system. 
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The instructor indicates to create a class
2.	The system prompts the instructor to input the necessary information.
3.	The instructor inputs all necessary information
4.	The System notifies the instructor the class has been created
5.	The Instructors dashboard displays the class.
6.	Use case ends.
Extensions:	3a. The instructor does not enter all necessary information:
3a1. The system notifies the instructor of the missing information
3a2. The instructor is able to add missing information and continue the process
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately 100 usages per week. 
Business Rules:	Security/access concerns.
Associated Information:	Details:
After the class is created students should be able to enroll in the course using a link or QR code.
Related Use Cases:	UC-7
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	

 
Use Case 2: Instructor Finds Student
UC ID and Name:	UC-2: Instructor Finds Student
Created By:	Ben Hartje	Date Created:	10/08/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor	Secondary Actors:	Student
System
Trigger:	The Instructor indicates to find Student(s)
Description:	The Instructor wants to find Student(s) that match specific criteria, so she can edit their Profiles or issue their Certificates
Preconditions:	PRE-1: The Instructor is logged into the system
Postconditions:	POST-1. A list of matching Students is returned and displayed to the Instructor. It is possible that list is empty
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The Instructor indicates to find Students
2.	The System asks the Instructor to enter search values according to the “Search Criteria” defined in the Associated Information of this use case
3.	The Instructor enters one or more search values and confirms she has finished entering
4.	The System finds all Students that match the provided Search Criteria values
5.	The System displays the matching Students according to the "Search results display strategy" and the "Sort criteria" defined in the Associated Information of this use case.
6.	Use case ends 
Extensions:	4a. No matching Students are found:
4a1. The System alerts the Instructor that no matching Students are found.
4a2. The Instructor chooses to terminate the use case or chooses to return to step 2 of the normal flow.
5a. The Instructor chooses to select a different set of properties to display the matching Students:
5a1. The System displays the current "Search results display strategy."
5a2. The Instructor enters a customized "Search results display strategy," confirms that she has finished entering, and returns to step 5 of the normal flow.
5b. The Instructor chooses to re-sort the search results:
5b1. The Instructor re-sorts the search result according to the "Sort criteria" defined in the Associated Information of this use case and returns to step 5 of the normal flow.
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately 10 user, average of 15 usages per week. 
Business Rules:	Security/access concerns.
Associated Information:	Search Criteria (aka search fields, search attributes/properties, search details, searchable qualities):
Property name	Data type	Editability	Validation rule	Security/Access Concerns	Reference to glossary
First name	String	Yes	Required		
Last name	String	Yes	Required		
Phone number	String	Yes	Required, (999) 999-9999 format	Potentially sensitive information	
Address	String	Yes	Required
(Address #, Street, City, ZIP format)	Potentially sensitive information	
Email	String	Yes	Required (x@validemailservice.com format)	Potentially sensitive information	
Class	String	Yes	Required		
License Number	String	Yes	Required	Potentially sensitive information	
SsnLastFour	String	Yes	Required	Potentially sensitive information	
Certificate Number	String 	Yes	Not Required		
Is Paid	Boolean	Yes	Required		
Search results display strategy: 
TBD

Sort Criteria:
TBD
Related Use Cases:	The Instructor can perform other actions after this use case:
●	UC-4: Instructor edits Student Profile
●	UC-16: Instructor Distributes Certificate
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	



 
Use Case 3: Instructor Pays Admin
UC ID and Name:	UC-3: Instructor Pays Admin
Created By:	Peter Vo	Date Created:	10/03/2025
Primary Actor:	Course Instructor	Secondary Actors:	Payment System
Admin
Trigger:	The Course Instructor indicates to submit payment to the Admin to initiate the certification process
Description:	The Customer wants to pay the requisite fee of ten dollars per student to the Admin so that the certification of course completion can be generated for the student
Preconditions:	PRE-1. Instructor is logged into the System
PRE-2. Student has paid their enrollment fee to the Instructor
Postconditions:	POST-1. System has approved payment
Main Success Scenario:	1.	Instructor submits payment of ten dollars to the System for each student who completed the course
2.	Payment System processes payment
3.	Payment System sends report to Admin acknowledging receiving of payment
4.	Admin acknowledges payment
5.	Use case ends.
Extensions:	2a. Payment System rejects or did not receive payment
      2b. Return to step one and request payment again
3a. Acknowledgement report is not sent
      3b. Admin requests for another reprot
8a1. Returns to step 9 of the normal flow.
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately *** users, average of one usage per day.
Business Rules:	
Associated Information:	Notification:
●	The System sends the Customer an email message confirming the request has been canceled.
●	The System sends a notification to the Spirit Director.
●	The System sends a notification to the assigned SuperFrog Student.
The Customer shall be able to cancel the process at any time prior to submitting it.
Related Use Cases:	
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	

 
Use Case 5: Instructor Creates Instructor Profile
UC ID and Name:	UC-5: Instructor Creates Profile
Created By:	Alondra Oropeza	Date Created:	10/3/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor (Classroom Provider)	Secondary Actors:	System Administrator
Trigger:	An instructor wants to create a profile to be able to manage classes, add students, and issue certificates within the system.
Description:	An instructor needs to create a profile in the Class Management for Driving Safety system to be recognized as an authorized user. This allows the instructor to create classes, enroll students, manage records, and issue certificates through the system instead of relying on manual processes.
Preconditions:	PRE-1. The instructor has valid credentials and access to the system.
PRE-2. The instructor is authorized by Defensive Driving Schools LLC
Postconditions:	POST-1. The instructor profile is created and stored in the database.
POST-2. The instructor can log in, manage classes, and issue certificates
Main Success Scenario:	1.	Instructor navigates to the system login page.

2.	The system prompts the instructor to create a profile if one does not exist.

3.	The instructor enters personal details (name, contact info, license/approval number).

4.	The system validates all inputs.

5.	The system checks for duplicates in the instructor database.

6.	The system saves the new instructor profile.

7.	The system confirms profile creation with a success message.

8.	The instructor is now able to log in and access instructor functions (class creation, student management, certificate issuance).
Extensions:	4a. Input validation fails → The system highlights the errors; the instructor corrects and resubmits.

5a. Duplicate instructor found → The system notifies the user and prevents duplicate creation.

Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Each instructor will create a profile once. New instructors added as needed (estimated weekly or monthly).
Business Rules:	Only authorized instructors can create a profile (security requirement).

Instructor profiles must include state-approved credentials for compliance.

Data must comply with TDLR reporting and privacy standards.
Associated Information:	●	Details stored: name, email, phone, license/approval number, associated location(s).

●	Notifications: The system sends the instructor an email confirming successful profile creation. Admin may also be notified of new instructor registrations.
Related Use Cases	UC-6: Instructor Edits Profile

UC-12: Admin Manages Instructors

UC-1: Instructor Creates Class (requires existing instructor profile)
Assumptions:	Instructors have internet-connected devices (laptop, tablet, or smartphone).

The certificate/approval number is required by TDLR and must be valid.
Open Issues:	Should profile creation require admin approval before activation?

Should instructors be able to update their credentials directly or only through admin?
 
Use Case 6: Instructor Edits Instructor Profile
UC ID and Name:	UC-6: Instructor edits instructor profile
Created By:	Peter Vo	Date Created:	10/8/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor	Secondary Actors:	System
Trigger:	The Instructor indicates to edit the profile assigned to them
Description:	The User wants to edit specified fields within their profile
Preconditions:	PRE-1. The Instructor is logged into the System.
Postconditions:	POST-1. The changes of the profile fields are shown to the Instructor
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The Instructor indicates they want to edit their profile
2.	The System displays all fields of the profile detailed in the ‘instructors’ table in the database
3.	The Instructor selects a field and enters the desired value
4.	The System validates the Instructor’s input within the appropriate field
5.	The Instructor confirms changes and indicates they are finished editing
6.	The System updates the appropriate fields in the database
7.	Use case ends
Extensions:	1a. No profile is found
      1a. System confirms Instructor profile does not exist
      1a. System prompts Instructor to create new profile
      1a. Refer to UC-5
4a. System declines Instructor input in field
      4a. System requests for a new input from Instructor
      4a. Instructor provides new input
Priority:	Medium
Frequency of Use:	Approximately *** user, average of *** usages per week. 
Business Rules:	Security/access concerns
●	Instructor accesses incorrect profile
Associated Information:	
Related Use Cases:	UC-5: Instructor creates profile
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	

 
Use Case 7: Student Enrolls in Class
UC ID and Name:	UC-7: Student Enrolls in Class 
Created By:	Isabella Reyes	Date Created:	10/03/2025
Primary Actor:	Student	Secondary Actors:	Instructor, Admin
Trigger:	The student decides to sign up for an upcoming driving safety class offered by an instructor. 
Description:	This use case describes how a student enrolls in a driving safety class. The student provides personal and contact information, selects the desired class session, and confirms enrollment. The system verifies that the class is available, captures the student’s information, and updates enrollment records. The outcome is that the student is successfully enrolled and the instructor is notified of the enrollment.
Preconditions:	PRE-1: The instructor has created and published a class session that is open for enrollment.
PRE-2: The student has access to the enrollment system.
Postconditions:	POST-1: The student is officially enrolled in the selected class.
POST-2: The class roster is updated with the student’s information.
POST-3: A confirmation notification is sent to both the student and the instructor.
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The student accesses the system and views available driving safety classes.

2.	The student selects a class session based on date, time, and location.

3.	The system displays enrollment requirements and prompts for student information.

4.	The student enters required information (name, email, phone, address, etc.).

5.	The system validates the information according to input rules.

6.	The student reviews the details and confirms enrollment.

7.	The system stores the enrollment, updates the class roster, and generates a confirmation message.

8.	The system sends a notification email to the student and to the instructor.

9.	Use case ends.
Extensions:	2a. Class session is full

  2a1. The system alerts the student that the class is full.

  2a2. The student is prompted to select another class.

5a. Input validation error

  5a1. The system displays an error message describing the issue (e.g., invalid phone number format).

  5a2. The student corrects the information and returns to Step 5.

6a. Student cancels enrollment

  6a1. The student cancels before confirming.

  6a2. The system discards the information and returns to the available class list.

System Exception: Network or database error

  The system fails to process enrollment. Enrollment request is rolled back, and the student is prompted to retry later.
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Each class session may have approximately 30–50 enrollments, depending on instructor size and schedule.
Business Rules:	BR-1: Students must provide complete and valid information (name, email, phone, etc.) before enrollment is accepted.
BR-2: A class session cannot exceed its maximum capacity.
BR-3: Enrollment is only permitted for sessions marked “Open.”

Associated Information:	System must validate email and phone number formats.
System must provide secure storage of student data.
Enrollment records must be retrievable by instructor and admin for auditing.

Related Use Cases:	
Assumptions:	●	Students have internet access to complete the enrollment.

●	Instructors have published at least one class session for enrollment.

●	Notifications are successfully delivered through email or system alerts.
Open Issues:	

Use Case 8: Student Pays for Class - Beau
UC ID and Name:	UC-8: Student Pays for Course
Created By:	Beau Moody	Date Created:	10/08/2025
Primary Actor:	Student	Secondary Actors:	System
Trigger:	The student is requested to pay for the class
Description:	The student is required to pay for the course before they take and complete it
Preconditions:	The student is able to afford the course
Postconditions:	The payment process is accepted by the system
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The student is prompted to pay for the class as they enroll
2.	The student inputs payment information into the fields
3.	The system validates the payment information
4.	The student successfully pays for the course
Extensions:	3a. Payment was declined
3a1. The System denies the request to pay
3a2. The Student tries another form of payment 
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately 20-30 users per class
Business Rules:	Payment Concerns
Associated Information:	Search criteria (aka search fields, search attributes/properties, search details, searchable qualities):
Search property name	Data type	Required	Validation rule
ID	String	No	
Event date or Date range	Date	No	
Event title	String	No	
Customer first and last name	String	Yes	
Amount Due	Double	Yes	
Amount Recieved	Double	Yes	

Related Use Cases:	The User can perform other actions after this use case. After this use case succeeds, the User may select any of the displayed appearance requests and take any of the following actions on the selected item:
●	UC-7: Student Enrolls in Class - Isabella R. 
●	UC-14: Admin Manages Classes
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	
 
Use Case 15: Admin Creates Report
UC ID and Name:	UC-15: Admin Creates Report
Created By:	Ben Hartje	Date Created:	10/03/2025
Primary Actor:	Admin	Secondary Actors:	N/A
Trigger:	The admin indicates to create a report for the state
Description:	The admin wants to create a report for the purpose of a state audit, to ensure everything is compliant with regulation
Preconditions:	PRE-1. The user is logged into the System.
PRE-2. The user has “Admin” role
Postconditions:	POST-1. A report is created and the Admin can choose to export it
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The Admin indicates to create a Report
2.	The System asks the Admin to enter the details of this new Report according to the "Details" defined in the Associated Information of this use case.
3.	The Admin enters the details of this new Report and confirms he has finished
4.	The System validates the Admin’s inputs according to the “Details” defined in the Associated Information of this use case
5.	The System displays the details of the Report and asks the Admin to export to a file. See details in the “Export Rules” section of associated details.
6.	The Admin either confirms the export (continue normal flow) or chooses to modify the details (return to step 3)
7.	The System exports the new Report and informs the Admin that it has been exported
8.	Use case ends
Extensions:	4a. Input validation rule violation:
4a1. The System alerts the User that an input validation rule is violated and displays the nature and location of the error.
4a2. The User corrects the mistake and returns to step 4 of the normal flow.
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately 2 users, average of 1 usage per month. 
Business Rules:	Security and Access Concerns:
●	TBD
Associated Information:	Details: 
Property name	Data type	Editability	Validation rule	Effect of Change	Reference to glossary
Number of Courses	Int	Yes	Required		
Number of Students	Int	Yes	Required		
Number of certs issued	Float	Yes	Required		
Amount of money made	Int	Yes	Required, 9999.99 format		
Number of instructors	Int	Yes	Required		

Export Rules: 
The System will export the Admin’s input into an external file and download it to their local storage. The file formats are CSV or Excel

Related Use Cases:	
Assumptions:	
Open Issues:	

Use Case 16: Instructor Distributes Certificate
UC ID and Name:	UC-16: Instructor Creates Certificate
Created By:	Beau Moody	Date Created:	10/03/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor	Secondary Actors:	Student
Trigger:	The instructor inputs student information for certificate
Description:	The instructor verifies that a student completed the driving safety course and inputs the students information to receive a certificate
Preconditions:	N/A
Postconditions:	POST-1. The student successfully completed the driving safety course
Main Success Scenario:	1.	Student successfully takes verified course
2.	Instructor verifies student information
3.	Instructor inputs student information into certificate template
4.	certificate is automatically created from the template
Extensions:	1a. Student fails driving safety course
-	no certificate is issued
     2a. Student info is incorrect
-	admin updates the database to fix issue
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Approximately 50 students per class need certificates
Business Rules:	Appropriate Certificate Distribution
Associated Information:	Details:
Property name	Data type	Editability	Validation rule	Effect of change	Reference to glossary
First name	String	Yes	Required		
Last name	String	Yes	Required		
Phone number	String	Yes	Required, (999) 999-9999 format		
Email	String	Yes	Required, valid email		
Type of the event	String	Yes	Required, see BR-4		
Event title	String	Yes	Required		
Name of the county	String	Yes	Required		
Event address (street, suite/room/floor, city, state, postal code)	String	Yes	Required, valid US address format		
SSN	String	No	Unique		



 
Use Case 18: Instructor processes payment for class  
UC ID and Name:	UC-18: G Instructor processes payment for class 
Created By:	Alondra Oropeza	Date Created:	10/7/2025
Primary Actor:	Instructor (Classroom Provider)	Secondary Actors:	Payment Processor (Authorize.net), System Administrator
Trigger:	The instructor needs to process a payment from a student for a completed class in order to generate a certificate and submit required information to Defensive Driving Schools LLC.
Description:	The instructor uses the system to process a student’s payment for a driving safety class. The system securely collects payment details, validates them, and communicates with the integrated payment processor (Authorize.net). Once payment is approved, the transaction is recorded in the database, and the system updates the student’s class status to “Paid.” The instructor and student both receive payment confirmation notifications.
Preconditions:	PRE-1. The instructor is logged into the system.

PRE-2. The student has been enrolled in the class.

PRE-3. The class exists in the system and is associated with the instructor.
Postconditions:	POST-1. The payment transaction is processed and stored in the database.

POST-2. The student’s class record is updated to show “Paid.”

POST-3. Both instructor and student receive payment confirmation notifications.
Main Success Scenario:	1.	The instructor navigates to the class record in the dashboard.

2.	The system displays the list of enrolled students with payment status.

3.	The instructor selects a student who needs to process payment.

4.	The instructor enters payment details (method, amount, and confirmation).

5.	The system securely communicates with the payment processor (Authorize.net).

6.	The payment processor validates and authorizes the payment.

7.	The system confirms successful payment and records it in the database.

8.	The system updates the student’s class status to “Paid.”

9.	The system notifies both the instructor and the student of successful payment.
Extensions:	6a. Payment authorization fails → System displays an error message; instructor may retry or select a different payment method.

7a. Network or processor error → System queues the transaction for retry and notifies the instructor of pending status.
.
Priority:	High
Frequency of Use:	Moderate — occurs for each student enrolled in a class (potentially several times per week per instructor).
Business Rules:	All payments must be processed through the authorized payment processor (Authorize.net).

The system must encrypt payment data and comply with PCI-DSS standards.

Payment records must be stored for reporting and reconciliation by Defensive Driving Schools LLC.
Associated Information:	Stored details: student name, class ID, payment date/time, amount, transaction ID, and payment status.

Notifications: confirmation emails sent to both student and instructor; failed transactions notify the instructor to retry.

Related Use Cases:	UC-3: Instructor Pays Admin

UC-7: Student Enrolls in Class

UC-16: Instructor Creates and Distributes Certificate (requires “Paid” status)

UC-9: Admin Views Classes (may review payment status per class)
Assumptions:	The payment processor (Authorize.net) is integrated and functioning.

The instructor has permission to process payments for their assigned classes.

Internet connectivity is available to complete transactions.
Open Issues:	Should refunds or partial payments be supported within the instructor dashboard?

Should the instructor be able to view payment history or print receipts directly?






 
Business Rules
BR-1: 
BR-2: 
BR-3: 
BR-4: 
BR-5: 
BR-6: 
BR-7: 
BR-8: 
BR-9:
BR-10: 
BR-11: 
BR-12: 
BR-13: 
BR-14: 
