First - the business problem that this solves etc. 

1) Entrepreneurs who want to teach a Driving Safety class in Texas either a) must be licensed as a course provider by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation (TDLR) or they must provide classroom or online instruction that is licensed by the TDLR (essentially, they must use a licensed providers license number to issue a certificate). 

2) Prior to a few years ago they would have been required to maintain an Instructors license (also issued by the TDLR). 

3) Currently, the instructors that provide the classroom (in person) instruction are loosely associated with the Provider (Us) and conduct their classes under our remote supervision. Essentially, we’ve vetted them to make sure they are conducting the class correctly. We, however, can’t monitor them as that is neither practical nor cost effective.

4) The instructors will advertise for their classes. Generally they’re held at restaurants where they provide the class, provide a meal (lunch) and charge a fee where they are compensated for their time. 

5) We currently charge the instructors $5 for the Certificate but we mail or email the Certificates and also retrieve the Driving Record if requested - therefore, providing us with more profit for each Certificate issued. For instance, we could uncharge for faster processing (emailed Certificate) or Driving Record. 

6) In this new system we are turning over everything to the Instructor. They enter the information, they do the Driving Records, they issue the Certificate. If they want to provide a Certificate after course completion there at the restaurant and charge an extra $10 - more power to them. However, due to the added benefits to the instructors - we are now going to charge $10. 

7) The end result is that we shift the workload to the instructors and we get paid $5 more per student than previously. No - we don’t benefit from any uncharges but it is more beneficial for us to save time than whatever minimal economic benefit we would have had. It also saves a great deal of time for processing. Previously the Instructors would need to send us the Student information - we would need to enter it and then process certificates. If a Class was held on a Saturday or Sunday (the vast majority of classes) the Certificates wouldn’t be processed until we received all the information - which means Students wouldn’t receive their Certificates until Monday at the earliest. 

